low-level-design/parking-lot/docs/system-requirements.md, before:

### Systems Requirement:

- The parking lot should have multiple floors where customers can park their cars.
- The parking lot should have multiple entry and exit points.
- Customers can collect a parking ticket from the entry points and can pay the parking fee at the exit points to the parking attendant or automated exit panel
- Customers can pay via both cash and credit cards.
- The system should not allow more vehicles than the maximum capacity of the parking lot. If the parking is full, the system should be able to show a message at the entrance panel and on the parking display board on the ground floor.
- Each parking floor will have many parking spots. The system should support multiple types of parking spots such as Compact, Large, Handicapped, Motorcycle, etc.
- The Parking lot should have some parking spots specified for electric cars. These spots should have an electric panel through which customers can pay and charge their vehicles.
- The system should support parking for different types of vehicles like car, truck, van, motorcycle, etc.
- Each parking floor should have a display board showing any free parking spot for each spot type.
- The system should support a per-hour parking fee model. For example, customers have to pay $4 for the first hour, $3.5 for the second and third hours, and $2.5 for all the remaining hours.

Commit message:

chore: half baked solution for entry panel and parking ticket

low-level-design/parking-lot/docs/system-requirements.md, after:

### Systems Requirement:

- The parking lot should have multiple floors where customers can park their cars.
- The parking lot should have multiple entry and exit points.
- Customers can collect a parking ticket from the entry points and can pay the parking fee at the exit points to the parking attendant or automated exit panel
- Customers can pay via both cash and credit cards.
- The system should not allow more vehicles than the maximum capacity of the parking lot. If the parking is full, the system should be able to show a message at the entrance panel and on the parking display board on the ground floor.
- Each parking floor will have many parking spots. The system should support multiple types of parking spots such as Compact, Large, Handicapped, Motorcycle, etc.
- The system should support parking for different types of vehicles like car, truck, van, motorcycle, etc.
- Each parking floor should have a display board showing any free parking spot for each spot type.
- The system should support a per-hour parking fee model. For example, customers have to pay $4 for the first hour, $3.5 for the second and third hours, and $2.5 for all the remaining hours.
- Admins should be able to add parking floors and parking spot.
